[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#258)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/using-the-rest-services-with-net.md

---
title: "Using the REST Services with .NET | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article describes how to interact with the Bing Maps REST Services APIs using .NET, covering making requests, implementing requents, and data contracts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This article describes how to interact with the Bing Maps REST Services APIs using .NET, covering making use of sessions, making and implementing requests, and data contracts, includes sample code"
```
